[static] Add new community-contributed document (#1111)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/community/docker-compose-helm-chart.rst

..
   Copyright (c) 2024 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
..
   SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

.. _docker_compose_helm_chart:

Docker Compose and Helm Chart Deployment
========================================

This guide introduces a community-contributed Docker Compose solution for deploying Canton validator nodes and supporting infrastructure, following the ``x-docker`` standard used by Mario Delgado’s team for onboarding blockchains. 

> It was tested during a scheduled upgrade on DevNet using ``canton-docker``. 
> Downtime was handled by updating the ``.env`` file with the migration ID, renaming the databases (with a planned change to use standardized names like ``participant_${MIGRATION_ID}`` and ``validator_${MIGRATION_ID}``), and including ``validator-migration.yaml`` as part of the migration setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that while it was tested during a scheduled upgrade on DevNet, that required 
updating the ``.env`` file with the migration ID, renaming the databases (with a planned change to use standardized names like ``participant_${MIGRATION_ID}`` and ``validator_${MIGRATION_ID}``), and including ``validator-migration.yaml`` as part of the migration setup. For further information, please contact the authors of the contribution.
```

The solution emphasizes extensibility, operational flexibility, and integration with broader infrastructure. 

> For a simpler, more minimal setup, refer to :ref:`Docker Compose-Based Deployment of a Validator Node <compose_validator>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the officially supported docker-compose deployment, refer to :ref:`Docker Compose-Based Deployment of a Validator Node <compose_validator>`.
```
